Migration 6.0.0 docs updated (#3002)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/setup/migrating-preparing-for-migration.md

### SCIM2 roles.default claim returns roles and groups claim return groups

> Previously, the roles.default claim in SCIM2 returned both groups and roles as it was mapped to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the ```roles.default``` claim in SCIM2 returned both groups and roles as it was mapped to 
```

> the wso2.roles claim. Going forward, it is mapped to the wso2.roles claim, where only roles are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the wso2.roles claim. Going forward, it is mapped to the ```wso2.roles``` claim, where only roles are 
```

## Migrating custom components

> In WSO2 Identity Server 6.0.0, we have done a major upgrade to our kernel and our main components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In WSO2 Identity Server 6.0.0, a major upgrade has been made to the kernel and the main components. 
```
